cinnamon trillo the most open television
that never exactly any of you
experienced an astral trip to
explain clearly what these are
parapsychologist travel with us in
ex eyelet welcome doctor or the artist
which are exactly the best we have
had and we do not know more astral travel
in fact I would like to start saying
that all of us every day
we have astral travel not the
we remember when we sleep
we have several phases of sleep we have
from the symbolic light sleep the
revolution of the two and when we entered
in the phase of deep sleep that is mor
rapid eye movements we have
sexual astral experiences
spiritual and we all go out all the
days but we are not aware of it
there are people who come to take
awareness within those trips and that
what they can not conceive as a trip
conscious astral but we all do
every day that's awesome and
how could we define an astral trip
what is the difference between a trip to
of a dream has not gone very well what
same no
we have to start defining ourselves
we have a physical body and we are not
trinitarian we do not have a soul a
spirit and a physical body when
we sleep the physical body is
stay still and get the spirit
they have experiences and we have a body
be that have extracorporeal experiences
then when we fall asleep
we have those experiences that are very
vivid very intense colors we come to
somatize pains sensations those are
the experiences and when it is a dream
there is only one memory and sometimes
it is usually forgotten but what is
an experience that was unreal that is
an astral experience stays very
marked and it is very well remembered that
I do not think it is true that we all have
past that suddenly you're thinking about
something you dreamed about or trying to
remember it and the colors are much more
children and the smells and the deepest and
the people are more them than in the
reality indeed the world is much
more clear than this this physical world
as I was being through a
crystal that is not very clean the world
astral is different now what is it that
it happens when we go out on
Monday since you would be that really
what do you think are awake and that
you are in the place exactly in fact
I'm going to ask now right now
we are in a dream but I do not know how
I could know we do not have parameters
really to know if clear or not
there is a clear parameter if it happens to you
things in reality that you feel you've
dreamed before is something they call
exactly when when people start to
have astral travel and start them
remember sometimes you do not know when you are in
an astral trip or when it is in the
physical plane in wake living then
some scene then there is a way that
the master samuel mentioned to a seer
pull a finger
this is this is something that a lot of people
is practicing and suddenly awake
and I do not know if I'm in a dream or not
then they pull a finger if it is
stretch you are in an energetic body and
there are practices that you can take to
make an astral trip always through
of the dream to not have risk because
it comes to have some risks when
we do not do it of our own volition
let's remember that we have a will
the agency so allows us to decide
for ourselves that we want
we do not want then when we
we want to make an astral trip to
will we sit down with my ribbon
I close my eyes between a state
appropriate mental and my project
then that has a risk because
we went out of the laws that I
protect the natural laws that I
protect but when it's done through
of the dream there is absolutely no
risk astral travel have
recurrence because for example I do not know
if it happens to you or to the people who
he was listening to us and seeing in his
home but we have people that we dream
with constantly with very
similar the same taught many times
when the recurrent sleep does not
necessarily are Freud astral travel
which for me is the best that exist
interpretation of dreams you want the
dreams are unfinished business
then in different parts of the dream
and we have a way of
compensate for those emotions that we could not
to wake up and what can they do to us?
noise inside of us the
subconscious and then during the
dream we can do for example you have
a boss who wants to mistreat you
widowed you can touch it because you're running
but the dream if then you already
you took away for my trip gives me the
print as a passport come up in a
transport and let's go two as I do not know is
in the plane of the form with a person
is conscious and is in the astral plane
you can move to where you want
instantaneously for example its habitat
or tickets here sitting on a trip
astral and you have some relative in china
instantly move china is much more
fast that the speed of the maya is
more canyon than that in my dreams
that is a desire for freedom or maybe
your astral goal could be for you
true but I go to places that I do not know
you know it will even be done there and fly your
party in addition and landed that returns
with me and I raise myself again
like and bony but they are places where
I never been has characteristics of
an astral trip if you become aware
on that trip to what I do follow from the finger and
You can go wherever you want because if I want
be right now for example in paris or
I want to be in Brazil
I do not want to be in the auto studio
who will be instantly in
this plane there is no time bid
can have astral travel awake or
necessarily be asleep
it is important to get into the state
because there is a detachment from your
essence of the energetic body without
However, being open- eyed
as for example right now you can
project that yes you can do
astral projections or that is the same
than an astral trip but you do not have the
evidence that you have in an astral trip
if I arrived who registered this
predict how you're dressed as it comes
soto Luis but in a projection
psychic not of bioenergetics because
the amount of remembrance is not so
immediate to what I'm going with this is if you
would you really want to remember or so
less in my case what I dreamed to precision
it costs me a little work I have
episodes but not precision we have a
system that is precisely for that
when we dream at the moment
that we wake up you remember the dream 16
study, you get up, you feel, they put you
the screens to lift the
Internet user may be the sixth would have to
to have
and write down the points that can
shoot that memory and if you can
remember of course you get scared with what
that you dream because it has happened to me
prophetic sometimes I dream of
someone who is going to get sick
provided always nice that's not so
clear but good if you can do it and
you can write down your dreams and after
after a month you compare what
you have lived, you will be surprised at what
you find and welfare of course
like that that flies so you go to
different places is completely
possible because today at night I propose you
an astral trip to my cat from your bed myself
in mine or home and you can talk
on the other hand you can find the
astral dreams we agree and
nothing is good good but if moving
hello I am sea they decided I invite you to
see our day as they subscribe to
our YouTube channel